Renames main workflow to `Tests` (#17650)
mistercrunch/Airflow: BREEZE.rst

     ./breeze build-image --production-image --additional-dev-apt-deps "libasound2-dev" \
        --additional-runtime-apt-deps "libasound2"

> This install additional apt dependencies - ``libasound2-dev`` in built image and ``libasound`` in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This installs additional apt dependencies - ``libasound2-dev`` in the build image and ``libasound`` in the
```

Isn't "build" right here?

Author: dunno :). But you likely now better as native speker :)

  providers. If you want to manage airflow separately and then add providers individually, you can
  use those. Use ``no-providers`` mode for that.

In case someone modifies setup.py, the scheduled and pushed CI Testsd automatically upgrade and

> pushes changed to the constraint files, however you can also perform test run of this locally using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case someone modifies setup.py, the scheduled CI Tests automatically upgrades and
pushes changes to the constraint files, however you can also perform test run of this locally using
```

        Generates pinned constraint files with all extras from setup.py. Those files are generated in
        files folder - separate files for different python version. Those constraint files when
        pushed to orphan constraints-main, constraints-2-0 branches are used

>         to generate repeatable CI tes runs as well as run repeatable production image builds and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        to generate repeatable CI test runs as well as run repeatable production image builds and
```
